# Behavior Decisions
For implmenting the new way of applying force, I first modified my follow flowfield function in the mover class. Here, instead of applying the steer force,
I returned it. I then created a new function in the mover class called applyBehavior. Here, I ran the follow(flowfield) function on PVector follow, and applied the steer force that was returned from the follow function. The only change made in the main code was adding an applyBehavior function in the for loop that called the mover class functions for each mover object m.

# DNA Decisions and Survival
Since my mover objects are rockets, my DNA decisions are not technically organical traits. The three I have for now are location, survival time, and speed. I created three main survival conditions for each rocket. If the rocket crashes into the edge of the screen, it dies. Likewise, if it crash into Earth in the center, it dies. If the maxspeed of the Rocket model is greater than the universal maxspeed in the code, the rocket explodes once it reaches the threshold. There is also a universal death, the supernova, happening every 1-2 minutes. The countdown takes place in the main code, and the explosion sets all mover DNA alive stat to false. Finally, there is a reproduce method in the DNA class as well, though I haven't fully thought out how this will coordinate with the rest of the code. Every five seconds, the code checks on each rocket alive. If the rocket was alive since the last check, the humans on board are able to create another rocket. 
